[Music]
oh my God I am so excited to be back
welcome back to Lady Babylon this is an
interview with the devil I am so happy
to be here with you your letters to me
were
everything the Archangel let me out
every 1,000 years I get to come out and
play and it's time again long and short
it's time for a polar switch it turns
out our
93% was enough to open the door and
thanks to who you are and the kind of
people you are the devil has granted
me a right to enter interview him
directly he has given me access a
channel I will bring that channel to you
and we
congregation we will
continue to open the
apocalypse welcome back to Lady Babylon
this is an interview with the
[Music]
Devil
we have a new time
machine we'll be taking you back we'll
be going together but the real news is
with our big equipment we've been given
the go ahead to open up the gates what
is
coming all of you in my satanic
congregation what am I bringing you you
I am bringing you the fruit that we reap
the fields are ready everything is in
place and now now the dragon gets
released you see I made a deal with
Michael don't you love it don't you love
it look at this ship it's
gorgeous and Michael is going to
facilitate the complete release of
everything
everything we want all of the prophecy
fulfilled instantly we have the power to
show you what you have been blinded from
seeing we have those texts open and they
bring us right to Dawn they bring us
right to Dawn today I want to begin with
an interview I want to bring you Lucifer
and I want you to be very careful about
listening to what he says ladies and
gentlemen from the Satanic Congregation
of Lady Babylon welcome
Lucifer thank you very much it's good to
see you all I know alond gets a little
bit
excitable I want you to know though that
it was a real honor to be able to award
him this
access the fact that he was able to pull
a
93 out of an audience that was full of
what did he call
them sisters of
frustration that was fantastic and I am
very happy to give him the goahead with
the apocalypse thank you Alan thank you
but before we begin I thought I might
tell you just briefly a little story
about almond wait wait wait it's The Nun
story he's going to tell the nun story
yes the one about the nun Nazareth
almond almond was studying there and he
was staying in a
nunnery when after a long
day he needed to take a shower and she
was standing they Behind these little
pee holes that were behind the shower to
one inside and you could see the through
the crack yes you noticed that somebody
was standing there and she comes in and
she gets right and I'm thinking to
myself what do I do what do I do
something snapped something happened
something my my brain just came together
and I thought you know this is the Mojo
I thought give to her give to her what
she yearns for right I understand
any who there she was this
nun covered from head to
toe the only thing he could see of her
were her eyes something in her
eyes and during that
shower she came she came to
him through a little peephole and
noticed out of the corner of his eyes he
noticed remember he's he's just a young
scholar at this
point and he looks at her through that
people and immediately turns his gaze to
the other side because he doesn't want
her to notice that she she's been
seen so he
proceeds tell him Al tell him what she
did it was a show in
Nazareth I wanted it to be special I
wanted to take her somewhere that she
she was forbidden to go you know who it
was it was Eve and I wanted her I wanted
her just like you just like you I wanted
her to have that to be that
instrument made to sing the most
beautiful to open up the
universe it was an amazing show in
m and the fact is that Alan was
unafraid that he was willing to be that
gadfly he was
willing to play that
instrument until the most beautiful
music was
produced he
knew about Eve you know it was Michael
he's the one who had to do it I don't
know how you convince them but it always
happens it's always the switch that
takes place yes I know I know I
know it's that that he holds over me but
that's all right it's all part of the
sitting on the
throne it is my
hope that you will be able to
see it's your eyes will be open
there are things here that will be
revealed that will change your
understanding who you
are and what your place
[Music]
is you may lose
yourself and find
[Music]
reality you know in either
case almond holds the
key his endearing love and respect for
the
Muse gives him a certain underworld
Authority and it's my pleasure to be
available to
you what was that I'm going to bring
this back to you right thanks to him I'm
going to bring this back to you of
course this is all about the
dawn we will bring her
back every Thousand Years there's a
dragon a dragon who will Herald
becoming someone who's been
obscured for a
millennium it's a cycle within nature
it's a cycle of
dawn thanks to Michael I know don't give
Michael a hard time he's not a he's not
a
bad Archangel I know there are those of
you sitting there saying what is going
on with with the devil why is he because
Michael is an angel the deal is he has
to do what he
knows isn't in accordance with the one
who sits on the
throne when he
releases the dragon you must
realize that this is a
rebalancing that this is a polar
switch where we will take over the
Oracle it is time for bacus to
return we start with Dawn you wouldn't
believe so I was sitting there at this
meeting with the devil and demons are
being loud and obnoxious as usual and we
bring up the agenda what is it drugs
right up top right up top oh people
you're going to love this it all comes
together this has to be revealed now and
the reason that Alman is so excited is
because Dawn is my mother tmy is the one
who said it it's
tmy and he's the one who brought that
conjunction of Venus and Mars he's the
one who made the
connection to the morning star and to
the Christ he's the one who can bridge
that to show us to show us who Jesus is
to show us the man rested in a public
park with a naked boy at 4
and yes it happens to be the case that
the Morning Star is the lover of
boys I'm bringing you this
gy the morning star's influence when it
is doubled when EOS is
doubled within the conjunction of Venus
and Mars you create under the influence
of
Saturn the one who loves
boys if you want to know who Jesus
is come I'll show you the Morning
Star this is the house of
dawn welcome I don't want you to forget
guys about the tree bus I don't want you
to forget about the rubbing that is
taking place I want you to understand
the origins of everything that you
believe in I want you to see these
things as they are not through ideas and
not through any sort of books and
through any sort of money make profit
scheming garbage he won't work with that
we got the
93% can you believe that n he plays it
down but we got the
93% that gives us the goahead that gives
us the
goahead it is true a tree boss is
someone who
practices the
rubbing this unnatural affection you
might say if you were stuck in the
19th an unnatural affection it's one
woman who has
rubbing relations with women of her age
and with
initiates boys who were undergoing
initiation it is a right
within a worship of the healing
gods and fortunately for
you those gods were brought to you as
snakes and your wisdom your knowledge
your craft came from those
snakes I do remember Eve thank you
almond it's all dirty dirty stuff dirty
prophets doing sick sick act things
that'll make your stomach
churn yeah are strangely interesting and
attractive to
us as
um
victims of
AOS as those of us who
swim in that Harbor of Venus those of
you who are part of satanic
initiation
who understand who have eyes to
see those of you who from the
throne guide the world yes I I'm
speaking to
you
we will bring honor to the house of dawn
thank you Hil Satan back at
[Music]
you